This is a game in which the user simulates going through college life having to manage their grades, social life, stress and other options that they will have to choose from throughout the game. Branching concepts such as if, elif and else are present through all of the code. In, not in, and, or and not all make apperances in the later stages of the code as I began to finalize the game. In order to play the game, the user will need to input their name, what GPA they want to start with, and their stress and social life levels. As they progress throughout the game, they will have to make certain choices that will impact their stats, such as needing to spend more time studying, or doing sports or research oppurtunities, etc, and in the end, all the stats will be accumulated throughout their choices and the player will receive a certain ending depending on their gpa, what course load they chose, their social level and their stress level. The different endings represent the players choices throughout their journey. For example if they spent most of their time studying, they will have a good gpa but will also have a higher level of stress and low social life points, thereby impacting the ending they receive. The perfect ending would be the player choosing a good course load that would help them receive a 4.0 gpa while having low stress and a good social life. The AI assistance used throughout development of my code was mainly at the end where I had trouble finding somewhere to add the "is not" code requirement, and so I asked the AI to pick a good spot to add a is not line of code while making it relevant and usuful to my entire code.
